PS-5479: CentOS 6: update about curl (#3078)
percona/percona-server: doc/source/installation/yum_repo.rst

The *CentOS* repositories should work well with *Red Hat Enterprise Linux* too, provided that :program:`yum` is installed on the server.

.. important::

   *CentOS* 6 offers an outdated version of the ``curl`` library required by

>     |Percona Server|. The version of the ``curl`` library in *CentOS* 6, which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    keyring Vault plugin of |Percona Server|. The version of the ``curl`` library in *CentOS* 6, which
```

Author: Ready for review

    depends on the ``nss`` library, is known to create memory corruption
    issues. This bug is `registered in Red Hat Bugzilla
    <https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1057388>`_. Its current status
    is `CLOSED WONTFIX`.

>     To ensure that you use the latest version of the ``curl`` library with

Reviewer: Add a note somewhere that this is not required if you do not use the keyring Vault plugin

>     |Percona Server|, we recommend that you `build it from source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    the keyring Vault plugin, we recommend that you `build it from source
```

The *CentOS* repositories should work well with *Red Hat Enterprise Linux* too, provided that :program:`yum` is installed on the server.

.. important::

   *CentOS* 6 offers an outdated version of the ``curl`` library required by
    the keyring Vault plugin of |Percona Server|. The version of the ``curl`` library in *CentOS* 6, which
    depends on the ``nss`` library, is known to create memory corruption
    issues. This bug is `registered in Red Hat Bugzilla
    <https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1057388>`_. Its current status
    is `CLOSED WONTFIX`.

    If you intend to use the keyring Vault plugin of |Percona Server|
    make sure that you use the latest version of the ``curl`` library.
    We recommend that you `build it from source
    <https://curl.haxx.se/docs/install.html>`_ configuring with ssl:

    .. code-block:: bash

>        $ ./configuration --with-ssl --prefix=<INSTALATION DIRECTORY>

Reviewer 2: Also there was this (optionally --without-nss as nss was causing issues). Could be also "as NSS library was causing issues).

Author: Ready for review. The previous paragram explains that nss was causing issues. since this example is quite close to that text --without-nss should be self explanatory.

    As soon as you install ``curl``, make sure that |Percona Server| will use
    this version, setting the environment variable ``LD_LIBRARY_PATH``:

    .. code-block:: bash

>        $ export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=<INSTALATION DIRECTORY>/lib:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH

Reviewer 2: it seems my comment in PS-5479 has been overlooked. Please have a look. It is about getting rid of describing LD_LIBRARY_PATH.
